[FLINK-14486][table-api, docs] Update documentation regarding Temporary Objects (#10078)
apache/flink: docs/dev/table/common.md

existing `Table` object, usually the result of a Table API or SQL query. `TABLES` describe an
external data, such as a file, database, or messaging system.

### Temporary vs permanent tables.

Permanent tables are tables which meta information is stored in a [catalog]({{ site.baseurl }}/dev/table/catalogs.html). Usually
it means it is persisted in an external metastore such as e.g. Hive. This implies that there must exist a serializable representation
of such table. They will be available across multiple sessions/jobs as long as the connection to the metastore is maintained. 

On the other hand temporary tables are always stored in memory and exist only for a single session/job.
Temporary tables are not bound to any catalog or database. They can be created in a namespace of a catalog and database
that does not exist. They are also not dropped if a corresponding database is removed.
Moreover temporary tables can shadow permanent tables. It is possible to register a temporary table
with exactly the same identifier as an existing permanent table. Such a permanent table becomes
inaccessible as long as the temporary table exists. All queries with that identifier will be executed

> against the temporary table.

Reviewer: I think this is confusing and maybe touches on to many implementation details. What about: 

> Tables may either be temporary, and tied to the lifecycle of a single Flink session, or permanent, and visible across multiple Flink sessions and clusters.
> 
> Permanent tables require a [catalog]({{ site.baseurl }}/dev/table/catalogs.html) (such as Hive) to maintain metadata about the table. Once a permanent table is created, it is visible to any Flink session that can connect to the catalog and will continue to exist until the table is explicitly dropped. 
> 
> On the other hand, temporary tables are always stored in memory and only exist for the duration of the Flink session they are created within. These tables are not visible to other clusters. They are not bound to any catalog or database but can be created in the namespace of one. Temporary tables are not dropped if their corresponding database is removed.
> 
> #### Shadowing
> 
> It is possible to register a temporary table with the same identifier as an existing permanent table. The temporary table _shadows_ the permanent one and make the permanent table inaccessible as long as the temporary one exists. All queries with that identifier will be executed against the temporary table.

Reviewer: I realize the sentence about permanent tables needing to be serializable is likely referring to registered DataStream / DataSet tables. The issue is it feels like explaining why without saying what. I think it makes more sense to leave that out of this section. Instead, in the section on going from DataStream / Set -> Table just say the resulting table is always temporary.

table_env = ... # see "Create a TableEnvironment" section

# table is the result of a simple projection query 
proj_table = table_env.from_path("X").select(...)

# register the Table projTable as table "projectedTable"
table_env.register_table("projectedTable", proj_table)
{% endhighlight %}
</div>
</div>

> **Note:** A `Table` object similarly to a `VIEW` from relational database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** `Table` objects are similar to `VIEW`'s from relational database
```

systems, i.e., the query that defines the `Table` is not optimized but will be inlined when another
query references the registered `Table`. If multiple queries reference the same registered `Table`,
it will be inlined for each referencing query and executed multiple times, i.e., the result of the
registered `Table` will *not* be shared.

{% top %}

#### Connector tables

> It is also possible to create a `TABLE` as known from relational databases from a [connector]({{ site.baseurl }}/dev/table/connect.html) declaration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to create a `Table` as known from relational databases from a [connector]({{ site.baseurl }}/dev/table/connect.html) declaration.
```

?

Author: After second thought, I think it is more consistent to leave it with capital letters. In other places, whenever we refer to SQL terms we use capital letters.

The connector describes the external system that stores the data of a table. Storage systems such as Apacha Kafka or a regular file system can be declared here.

<div class="codetabs" markdown="1">
<div data-lang="java" markdown="1">
{% highlight java %}
tableEnvironment
  .connect(...)
  .withFormat(...)
  .withSchema(...)
  .inAppendMode()
  .createTemporaryTable("MyTable")
{% endhighlight %}
</div>

<div data-lang="scala" markdown="1">
{% highlight scala %}
tableEnvironment
  .connect(...)
  .withFormat(...)
  .withSchema(...)
  .inAppendMode()
  .createTemporaryTable("MyTable")
{% endhighlight %}
</div>

<div data-lang="python" markdown="1">
{% highlight python %}
table_environment \
    .connect(...) \
    .with_format(...) \
    .with_schema(...) \
    .in_append_mode() \
    .create_temporary_table("MyTable")
{% endhighlight %}
</div>

<div data-lang="DDL" markdown="1">
{% highlight sql %}
tableEnvironment.sqlUpdate("CREATE [TEMPORARY] TABLE MyTable (...) WITH (...)")
{% endhighlight %}
</div>
</div>

### Expanding table identifiers

> Tables are always registered with a 3 part identifiers consisting of catalog name, database name and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tables are always registered with a 3 part identifier consisting of catalog, database, and
```

> table name. The first two parts are optional. If they are not provided the current default values will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
table name. The first two parts are optional and if they are not provided the set default values will
```

> be used. Identifiers follow SQL requirements. That means that they can be escaped with ``` character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be used. Identifiers follow SQL requirements which means that they can be escaped with ``` character.
```
